= Redmine WorkLoad plugin

This plugin uses graphics to represent total workloads and also the workload involved in the following tasks:

This plugin is a fork of {GitHub}[https://github.com/arkadius/Redmine-Workload-Dnoise-redmine-2.0.x.git] originally developed by {dnoise}[https://github.com/dnoise/Redmine-Wordkload-Dnoise]. It has been updated to be Rails 3/Redmine 2+ compatible. 

== Features

* Average time assigned to issues. The plugin shows the amount of hours per issues within a project as well as the total of hours assigned to that project. Different colours are assigned to each issue.
* This application also represents the % of hours used against the % of hours estimated for a issue. It also indicates the amount of extra time used over the initial estimate. In addition to this, the plugin also advise if a project doesn’t have assigned and also beginning and end dates.
* This plug-in determines the timing of an application, showing different status: on time, delayed, etc
* This plugin is especially helpful in organisations with a high workload and/or a organisations with scarce human resources.

== Todo

* Plugin hook support for changing the behavior of the plugin

== Getting the plugin

A copy can be gotton from {GitHub}[https://github.com/ianbogda/redmine_workload]

== Installation and Setup

1. In your redmine root directory, run the command: `git clone https://github.com/ianbogda/redmine_workload plugins/redmine_workload`
2. Restart web server
3. Login and click the WorkLoad Link in the top left menu

== Upgrade

1. Open a shell to your Redmine's plugins/redmine_workload folder
2. Update your Git copy with `git pull`
3. Restart your Redmine

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See LICENSE.txt and GPL.txt for details.
